Add support lifecycle, update Choco requirements (#699)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/troubleshooting.md

### The request was aborted: Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel

If you see the following error:

```sh
Exception calling "DownloadString" with "1" argument(s): "The request was aborted: Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel."
```

The [Chocolatey Community Repository](https://community.chocolatey.org) now requires TLS 1.2 as a minimum, as mentioned in [this blog post](https://blog.chocolatey.org/2020/01/remove-support-for-old-tls-versions/).

> If you see this error when attempting to download Chocolatey or any other packages from the Community Repository, you are likely running an older operating system that needs to be upgraded to be able to use TLS 1.2 at a minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see this error when attempting to download Chocolatey CLI or any other packages from the Chocolatey Community Repository, you are likely running an older operating system that needs to be upgraded to be able to use TLS 1.2 as a minimum.
```

Author: Updated!

### The request was aborted: Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel

If you see the following error:

```sh
Exception calling "DownloadString" with "1" argument(s): "The request was aborted: Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel."
```

> Then you are likely running an older operating system that needs to be upgraded to be able to use TLS 1.2 at a minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you are likely running an older operating system that needs to be upgraded to be able to use TLS 1.2 as a minimum.
```

Author: Fixed!

See the [Microsoft documentation on enabling TLS 1.2 on older operating systems](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/configmgr/core/plan-design/security/enable-tls-1-2-client#bkmk_winhttp).

> community.chocolatey.org now requires TLS 1.2 at a minimum.

Reviewer: Can we use the website name, and link to the URL rather than it's raw URL?  Can you also expand on that a little. It feels very out of place there.

Author: I'll see what I can do. I think this was already on this page, wasn't too sure what more to put here, but it felt out of place to me as well.

Author: I've restructured this a bit and added a proper link with appropriate text.

Please see https://blog.chocolatey.org/2020/01/remove-support-for-old-tls-versions/.

> The post provides some options if you have older clients that need to install Chocolatey.

Reviewer: Can you use the proper product name?

Author: Aye, done :)
